
The Society for the Discouragement of the Immanentization of the Eschaton
                            ...presents...

^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^

                ARCANA ARCANORUM:
             THE PLAYING-CARD ORACLE                  __
                                                     /  \    __
  Guaranteed Absolutely Without a Doubt to Work     / /\ \  /  \
                                                   / ____ \/ /\ \
                    written by                    / /    \ \____ \
               the Prophet ALOYSIUS              /_/     /\_\   \ \
                                                        /_/      \_\
   Transcribed from his own tongue and fingers   
             into the tongue of ASCII            

^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^/\^^

                               ORIGINS

ARCANA ARCANORUM came about on one summer's day when I was lazily 
pondering (as I often do) about the Universe.  Surely, there must be 
some truth to the Tarot and similar methods Divination:  they have 
been around for millennia; this proves that there must be something to 
them.  I am a mathematician by trade, and it occurred to me that the 
divining power lies not in the Cards themselves, but in the fabric of 
space-time.
    Statistical laws imply that a deck, properly shuffled, will yield 
the same chance of a given Card being drawn.  But they key to this 
axiom is that this is true -- but it is a law of averages; if you draw 
a Card from a deck ten thousand times, you'll find that each Card has 
roughly the same chances of being drawn.  Equilibrium is the key; the 
key to Equilibrium is number.  The key to Divination, I found, is in 
the Cards that are chosen at first.  The Universe is forced to average 
the selection of a Card out with large numbers of drawings; but for 
small numbers, the Universe has a method to communicate with us, the 
sentient beings inside Her womb, waiting to be born.
    It dawned on me then that the deck of Cards (Tarot, Thoth, etc.) 
-- nay, even the method of Divination -- is irrelevant.  Whether you 
are throwing sticks on the ground, picking Cards from an ornately- 
decorated deck, or casting rune-inscribed dried clay markers, the 
effects are the same.  The power to divine is in the person, not in 
the divining instrument.
    Thus came my Illumination:  Why use a deck of Tarot Cards?  Why 
cast runes?  Why throw sticks and consult a chart?  If it is true that 
the Diviner is important and not the medium, then it is unimportant 
which medium actually is used, and all things will return to 
Equilibrium, as they always have and always will.
    Hence ARCANA ARCANORUM, the Playing-Card Tarot, was born.  If 
medium is not the message after all, then why not use a very simple, 
easy-to-understand, easily-obtained, inexpensive one?  That is, the 
average deck of playing Cards that can be bought in any store.


                               THE DECK

The deck of the ARCANA ARCANORUM, like any other Divination method, 
has peculiarities that warrant further discussion.
    The deck is divided into four suits:  the Spades, the Diamonds, 
the Clubs, and Hearts.  Hereafter, the Spades will be known as Power; 
the Diamonds as Materiality; the Clubs as Spirituality; and the Hearts 
as Love.
    Also, each suit is divided into thirteen ranks:  Ace through King.  
Each Card has a different meaning in ARCANA ARCANORUM.  The Ace of a 
suit has the meaning of that suit -- for instance, the Ace of Diamonds 
means materiality.  In general, the Two through the Ten indicate the 
concept of that suit to a lessening degree:  That is, the Two of 
Spades has the meaning gain, while the Ten of Spades has the meaning 
defeat.  The Face Cards (that is, the Jack, the Queen, and the King) 
each have meanings unrelated to this simple chain of degree (as often 
does life).
    Optionally one may insert two Jokers into the deck; these will be 
called Trumps.  They should be distinguishable from each other.  One 
Trump will be referred to as Life; the other as Death.


                              THE CARDS

Here follows individual meanings of each Card.

ACE OF SPADES -- POWER.  The energy that is within us all; the 
essential force of being.  It cannot be denied.

TWO OF SPADES -- GAIN.  Physical and mental betterment; one's work is 
succeeding.

THREE OF SPADES -- HEALTH.  Stability; disappearance of illness or 
decay.

FOUR OF SPADES -- FREEDOM.  Lifting of oppression; the inner power of 
the individual stands unchained.

FIVE OF SPADES -- COMPETITION.  Healthy conflict, bringing about the 
better of all parties involved.

SIX OF SPADES -- MEDIOCRITY.  Lack of progress; mundanity.

SEVEN OF SPADES -- HUMILIATION.  Embarrassment; a waste of human 
effort.

EIGHT OF SPADES -- LOSS.  The loss of something physical or mental.

NINE OF SPADES -- ARROGANCE.  Taking one's position too seriously; 
overconfidence.

TEN OF SPADES -- DEFEAT.  Destruction of one's accomplishments or 
attempts; physical or mental reduction.

JACK OF SPADES -- CHANGE.  The essential force in all things.  Change 
can be for the better or for the worse; only the individual can decide 
which he or she wants.

QUEEN OF SPADES -- VULNERABILITY.  Opening up oneself to injury or to 
downfall.

KING OF SPADES -- VICTORY.  Triumph; physical or mental release.

ACE OF DIAMONDS -- MATERIALITY.  The physical; the temptations.

TWO OF DIAMONDS -- LOYALTY.  Staying besides oneself or one's 
responsibilities.

THREE OF DIAMONDS -- HONESTY.  Being true to oneself and those around 
one.

FOUR OF DIAMONDS -- CHARITY.  Giving to the needy, not necessarily in 
physical considerations.

FIVE OF DIAMONDS -- CONFUSION.  Material unrest; one is unsure of 
oneself.

SIX OF DIAMONDS -- ANXIETY.  Further material unrest; one is starting 
to lose control of that which is in and around one.

SEVEN OF DIAMONDS -- FUTILITY.  Work for nothing.

EIGHT OF DIAMONDS -- FEAR.  That which will end us all if not put into 
its proper place.

NINE OF DIAMONDS -- BIAS.  Unneeded prejudice; blindness.

TEN OF DIAMONDS -- FRAUD.  Lies, deceit, sin.

JACK OF DIAMONDS -- PATIENCE.  One of the greater things in life; one 
must learn to wait for what is coming to one.  All things happen, 
given the right place and the right opportunity.

QUEEN OF DIAMONDS -- VANITY.  Pettiness; personal materiality taken to 
the negative extreme.

KING OF DIAMONDS -- CONTENTMENT.  Happiness and solemnness with one's 
position in the world.

ACE OF CLUBS -- SPIRITUALITY.  That which is without, and yet within.  
All of us have the energy inside of ourselves, if we wish to let it 
out.

TWO OF CLUBS (or THE CIRCLE) -- SIMPLICITY.  The perfection of 
spirituality.  The oneness and beauty of the circle; the solidarity 
and singularity of a point.  Nothing is better.

THREE OF CLUBS -- COMPREHENSION.  Understanding, cognition, positive 
thought energy.

FOUR OF CLUBS -- RESPONSIBILITY.  Taking care of one's commitments.

FIVE OF CLUBS -- REFLECTION.  Looking at one's own accomplishments and 
failures and feelings.  The importance of this is not known to the 
nonspiritual.

SIX OF CLUBS -- INNOCENCE.  Naivete; failure to attempt to understand 
the world around one.

SEVEN OF CLUBS -- DISAPPOINTMENT.  Disappointment in oneself; 
unwarranted unhappiness in the world around one.

EIGHT OF CLUBS -- INSTABILITY.  Internal strife; the foundations 
within are crumbling.

NINE OF CLUBS -- STAGNATION.  Fermentation; worthlessness.

TEN OF CLUBS -- IMMATURITY.  Failing to understand one's place in the 
world; taking for granted.

JACK OF CLUBS -- SHAME.  Shame is dangerous.  One need not be ashamed 
of oneself; there are many other things in this Universe that demand 
attention, and warrant more.

QUEEN OF CLUBS -- EQUILIBRIUM.  The essential balance of the Universe.  
All was once in Equilibrium; one day, all will return.

KING OF CLUBS -- FORESIGHT.  The ability to predict what is coming; an 
important attribute in any person.

ACE OF HEARTS -- LOVE.  That communion between two souls, with a 
beauty that can never be forgotten or ignored.

TWO OF HEARTS (or THE LOVERS) -- INVOLVEMENT.  The meeting and joining 
of two souls.

THREE OF HEARTS -- OPPORTUNITY.  The chance for betterment that one 
should never miss or overlook.

FOUR OF HEARTS -- INSPIRATION.  That spark of genius that arises when 
one is touched by love.

FIVE OF HEARTS -- APATHY.  Disinterest.  One of the more dangerous of 
the evils.

SIX OF HEARTS -- REGRET.  Disappointment in oneself or one's actions 
from a previous time.  What is past is past.  What is future is 
another thing.

SEVEN OF HEARTS -- FANTASY.  Dangerous self-involvement.  It is 
healthy to wonder and wander among oneself -- but it is dangerous to 
take this too far.

EIGHT OF HEARTS -- OBSESSION.  Love taken for itself; love for another 
in spite of the other.  Love is the sharing of two souls, not the 
stealing of one.

NINE OF HEARTS -- HATRED.  Antipathy, often caused of failed or 
failing love.

TEN OF HEARTS -- ISOLATION.  Loneliness; desperation; unending 
sadness.

JACK OF HEARTS -- JEALOUSY.  Obsession turned around; the stealing of 
a soul that is not one's to steal.

QUEEN OF HEARTS -- COMPASSION.  Oh, the beauty of love!

KING OF HEARTS (or THE SUICIDE KING) -- SELF-DESTRUCTION.  The taking 
of oneself, literally or figuratively, for selfish and worthless 
causes.

FIRST TRUMP -- LIFE.  Evolution, beauty, and harmony.  Infinity.

SECOND TRUMP -- DEATH.  Stagnation, ugliness, and chaos.  Zero.


                           THE DIVINATION

The Divination is the manner in which meaning and context are brought 
to a